# November 17,2017


## Ideas:

### Personal

For my personal website we should implement a fast search through lab software notebook - that way we can check things pretty easily and bring up old references fast.

## Review:

## Notes:

### Docker Commands

Some really handy docker commands (especially when you need to open up a container to view the system) are:

```shell
docker run -i -t <docker_image>:<version> /bin/bash
```

Equally handy is to run a container, ssh into that container, while sharing a file to the container from the host system:

```shell
docker run -v /absolute/folder/path:/destination -i -t <docker_image>:<version> /bin/bash
```

### Unreal

Running an Unreal command can be tricky - especially with setting up all the right environments. To run a build from the command line you can run:

```shell
UnrealEngine/Engine/Build/BatchFiles/RunUAT.sh BuildCookRun -compile -nop4 -project=/UnrealStickFigure2D/UnrealStickFigure2D.uproject -cook -compressed -allmaps -stage -archive -archivedirectory="/home/archive" -package -LinuxNoEditor -ue4exe=UE4Editor -clean -pak -targetplatform=HTML5 -utf8output
```

Important things to note is that inside your projet directory you must include .uproject file inside the path. This helps with the build. We also changed from "-nocompile" to "-compile" to make sure the engine compiles everything together (it is uncertain at the moment if this is completely necessary as our previous engine builds were not 100% compiled).

### iOS Builds - Work

For our current project, CB, we have a serious of configurations for the app that we use to setup the system. However, this process became very arduous so we have eliminated a lof of the overhead with switching environments (from dev, staging, production) and improved the swapping of environment variables (previously they were being stuck in the cache).

To setup our environment and switch between them (for iOS only) all we need to do is modify the build-info.json file in our project. Luckily we don't have to manually modify this file - all we need to do is change it inside XCode.

To do this navigate to the project file (should be in the Project Navigator > YourProject.xcodeproj). Once there click on build phases and click on the drop down "Bundle React Native code and images". There should be a box of commands beneath the "Shell", inbetween the export and the ../node_modules lines put the command:

```shell
echo `{"env":"staging"}` > ../build-info.json
```

Wihtin the branches you can change staging to development or production or whatever environment you desire.

If you don't want to use xcode to handle this you can also just create the build-info.json file in the root directory of the project and add in the appropriate json.
