## October 17 2017

### Notes:

* The file for storage space for Docker on Mac is located at ~<Your User>/Library/Containers/com.docker.docker/Data/com.docker.driver.amd64-linux/Docker.qcow2. To view the size of the file run ls -lah <file> to see how big it is. To fix running out of space issues (particularly sticky when faced with a large docker image), remove the file and restart the docker (sudo service docker stop or via the docker for mac gui if using Mac). It appears that this file is capped around 60gb in total size.

* Sweat the small details. Sometimes when I build an app, especially a green field app, I'll get ahead of myself creating new content. In a day I'll blaze through and create four new views or a new form for doing x. However, by moving so fast a few details will get left behind. Generally this is ok if, after the blaze, we go back and add in the details that were missed (maybe error form handling or dismissing the mobile keyboard on focus out, etc). If the details build up - after around 16 views and new additions to the app you'll be swamped with so many details across so many contexts that it will be hard to keep up. You'll definitely be slaying that particular dragon for a couple of days until all the small details become manageable again.

* In React, with components, make sure to minimize the amount of styling that components have. This makes it easier to generalize them without having to remove custom styling that worked in one view but is negatively impacting another.

* In Docker, the size of the building image is duplicated when using the COPY command. Thus, it'll first increase the size of the image building by the build context of the current directory and second by the COPY of the folder into the image. Thus, if you have a folder of 25gb that needs copied into Docker, Docker will first create the build context (25gb) and then execute the COPY command (25g) which will have a total build size of 50gb. This doesn't reflect the images real size, just the amount of space the image will take up while building.

