# January 23,2018

## Notes:

### Personal

#### Publishing to NPM

To publish to npm you must first login to your user using:

```
npm login
```

Next you can publish your package by running:

```
cd my-project && npm publish ./
```

For some best practices make sure to add tags to your git source control:

```
git tag <version>
git push origin <version>
```

Npm will recognize this and automatically associate the npm package with the latest build release.

### Work

#### SoleSocket - design

SoleSocket exists to have an easy way to manage sockets and channels - basically preventing one from joining it too many times or having to really worry about connected states.

Ideally SoleSocket does:

1) Easy access to a Socket Instance,
2) Easy subscription to channels.

How we would usually use this is to get the instance to the socket and then through that join a channel. But really we just want to join channels fundamentally.

Is it possible to join a channel only - and not worry about the rest?

The only problem is, is that we need to pass in data first - basically the socket url and any parameters needed.

So we'll have to initialize the system first with data, then let users prevent loading of their UI until after the socket has connected. Something like:

```
// setup the initial data
var singleSocket = new SoleSocket(url, params);

singleSocket.initialize().then(() => {
  // allow for system to continue
  // in Redux this would be a dispatch
})
```

This initialize method will allow users to just 'fire and forget', by never worrying about a second socket being created.

Other useful functions would be to get the socket state:

```
getInstance() {
  return instance;
}
```

And a simple function for joining channels. Although we need to create a hashmap that keeps track of channels and updates them accordingly.

```
joinChannel(channel) {
  // if channel exists in channel list, disconnect and rejoin
  socketInstance.joinChannel('channel id');
}
```

#### SoleSocket - only one socket

The current problem we have is that we need to instantiate something and guarantee that only one of that object exists.

Our current use case is with websockets. Basically there are many, many cases where a websocket might lose its connection - whether that is across the socket or channle or both is still not 100% clear. The current thinking is that a channel should be rejoined upon connection closing - the problem is, is that during this reconnection we create two sockets thus giving us an echo.

To solve this problem we've created a library called sole socket - its main purpose is guaranteeing that one, and only one, socket exists at a time for a client. After we achieve this we'll then add the various use cases to either create a new socket or rejoin a channel. The road map goes like this:

- Create a 'singleton' javascript socket object (quotations for the fact that singletons don't really exist since javascript isn't that OOP and a singleton is designed for oop).

- Investiate when a channel or socket is either closed or disconnected and rejoin accordingly. The flow of this can be something like, try to connect to socket, if disconnected reconnect, if we can't reconnect recreate the socket, etc.

- Keep track of all the channels that are joined, prevent double joining of channels, and allow for easy reconnection.

#### The Current Path

At the moment we already have the javascript socket singleton created - which is fairly straight forward. When the constructor is called for our SoleSocket class create a instance of the socket, if the instance exists do nothing. Access to the socket is allowed through a static method called 'socket'.

The next step is to gather information about when a socket is closed / or if a channel is closed.



