# October 19, 2017

## Notes

### Weakness / Code Smells
Generally when writing code you create what works - you do it as cleanly as possible but sometimes you can create inherent weaknesses in your code. A lot of times the weaknesses are small and fly under the radar but as you continue to expand your architecture and build upon what you've created you'll stumble across these weaknesses. Its important, at the point of architectural review, to understand how your structure flows and why the current flow is going against the grain, so to speak. Once you understand how your architecture flows it should be easy to see these small details stand out. Ususally they prevent you from expanding the architecture easily or they'll require special cases to make things fit to them. Instead of fitting to them, refactor and remove them. They're structural flaws that need to be re-visited now.

### React/Redux (Javascript)

* I discovered today that (at least in React Native) you can return promises from props called inside React views. This is very, very handy.

## Architecture

### Websocket w/ React Native and real-time messages

(Note summary from October 18, 2017)

Overview:

* Socket connection should be created upon login and within the AuthActions.js section of the app. If socket connection fails the login should fail.
  ** Due to the way the api requires authentication we have to first get the token from a correct login, attemt the socket connect, then fail login if login fails

  * Socket.io should have its own Actions but not have its own reducer for the moment. Messages and User reducers will contain most of the pertinent information.
  * Work out how best to stay connected to a relevant socket while also not over subscribing to the channel. Perhaps there is a way to check the current connection.
  * Are there any actions that need to be taken when the socket is closed?

(Current Notes)
We need to find a strategy that will allow us to login with the socket active and also login with keychain credentials with socket active.o

The overall flow should be:

Login via credentials or keychain -> ininitalize needed data (cases, etc) that utilizes credentials -> navigate to home screen on success / navigate to login on error. 

We also need to revist initializeCases(activeCase) as passing the current active case via React states is becoming unmaintainable.

