# October 18, 2017

## Review

* Checkout what react native router flux is

## Architecture:

### Network Errors
Sometimes in redux you get errors from outside the system - specifically you can get errors from the Network which aren't really apart of the state nor is it apart of redux. What needs to happen is a way to handle common errors from the Network and do common actions to correct the state of the app. What this means is that a) we want to keep the requests within redux actions as simple as possible (i.e. avoiding having custom error handling in every action), b) have network errors handled in one file that can check the error type and enact an action to correct the app.

Since this functionality sits outside of our redux / react sphere it can neither have its own state/reducers or have it be called actions - as its inherently something different. Because of this, dispatching and changing the state must be caught in both the request and the action and sent to the correct network error case.

The network errors also need to define each error message to be displayed in a user friendly format.

Action dispatches request -> request fails -> request catches the failure and passes it back to the action -> action sends it to the request error -> request error dispatches the correct actions and displays the correct message.

### Websockets w/ React Native and real-time messages
You can connect through sockets when you initially login. When the login action fires you can also fire the "joinSocket" event that will connect to any channel you need to.

```javascript
import {Socket} from 'pheonix';

export const joinSocket() {
  return(dispatch) => {
    dispatch({type: LOGIN_USER});

    const url = 'http://localhost:4000/socket';
    const socket = new Socket(url);

    socket.connect();

    socket.onOpen(() => {
      dispatch({type: CONNECT_SUCCESS, payload: {socket}});
      // navigate to the main screen
    });

    socket.onError(() => {
      dispatch({type: CONNECT_FAIL});
    });

    socket.onClose(() => {
      dispatch({ type: CONNECT_FAIL });
    });
  }
}
```

The first question to ask is - should connection to the socket be a requirement for logging in. In other words if connection fails should we fail the login as well. Overall the functioning of the app requires this connection so we'll say yes.

The next question to ask is should socket.io have its own actions / reducer? Since socket.io does implement specific actions (connection to room, pushing messages, etc) it should have its own actions.~Since it modifies states that aren't its own, at the moment socket.io does not need a reducer.~

Since sockets transcend multiple reducers and actions throughout the app it'll be important for it to maintain its own connection reducer.

Finally should the socket join the room on login or when it enters the home page? Ideally, we only join the room once at login but we need to check to see how the socket goes stale - does it drop the connection? Is there ever a case we can be in the homepage to look at messages while not being connected to socket.io?

Overview:

* Socket connection should be created upon login and within the AuthActions.js section of the app. If socket connection fails the login should fail.
  ** Due to the way the api requires authentication we have to first get the token from a correct login, attemt the socket connect, then fail login if login fails

* Socket.io should have its own Actions but not have its own reducer for the moment. Messages and User reducers will contain most of the pertinent information.
* Work out how best to stay connected to a relevant socket while also not over subscribing to the channel. Perhaps there is a way to check the current connection.
* Are there any actions that need to be taken when the socket is closed?

## Notes:

### Jest (Unit Tests)
* You can mock out react components inside of tests to prevent tests from failing because props inside a component are hitting real functions.
For example:

```javascript
jest.Mock('TextInput', () => {
  const RealComponent = require.requireActual('TextInput');
  const ReactMock = require('react');

  class TextInput extends ReactMock.Component {
    render() {
      return ReactMock.createElement('TextInput', this.props, this.props.children);
    }
  }
  TextInput.propTypes = RealComponent.propTypes;
  return TextInput;
})
```


