# October 16, 2017

## Ideas: 

### Personal
* For my personal website I should have a link to this lab notebook and possibly pull in the markdown for display? I should also have a projects page that just lists my pinned repos. (one day I'll get around to updating my website - big issue at the moment is having dynamic content for it since I'm not much of a blogger. This means connecting it to content I do update on a daily basis).

* Move daily notes into folders broken down by month and year - so Year-Month/files-for-october.md

### Work
* Need to create a .sh file to run all the commands for CB backend docker container - to help wipe out and re-seed database.

```bash
docker-compose build && docker-compose run web mix ecto.drop && docker-compose run web mix ecto.create && docker-compose run web mix ecto.migrate && docker-compose run web mix run apps/cb_domain/priv/repo/staging_seeds.exs && docker-compose up
```
## Review: 

* Need to review [data structures and algorithms](https://www.interviewcake.com/data-structures-and-algorithms-guide) - always good to brush up.

## Notes:

### React/Reduct (Javascript)
* An important note about Reducers and Actions in redux is that the Actions should transform the data and then pass it to the reducers in the simplest form possible. For example if the data comes back from the server in the form of data{modelValues: {value: 1}} and you need to use the 1 value inside of model values then the actions should send the data as event.modelValues rather than event.data.modelValues.value - this becomes unscalable when the reducer grows and it also ties the reducer to the given api framework that you're given.

* Its nice following the flow of Redux and sticking to it. Always put logic in actions, raw state in reducers, template esque things in templates. Sometimes though you can stick to this structure too strictly and you'll be modifying actions to update the state so you can have a universally accessable data in state. This is, in some cases albeit rare, is not always necessary. Don't forget the power of adding logic inside your react templates and depending on the case (generally the specificity to one or more templates) can be the perfect solution.

### Web Development
* Always use @example.com for mock emails or fake data. Guarantees that the email won't actually exist.

