# December 07,2017


## Ideas:

## Review:

## Notes:

### React Native Mock Render

React native mock render allows us to use the mount functionality inside enzyme to deeply test integrations inside our app.

However, it doesn't work with our current setup - at first it seemed like it was the setup for JSDOM (a package that allows us to mock the dom that is required) but after consulting the documentation it seems this works fine - our problem being a missing adapter. Luckily, we found that the missing adapter error goes away if we downgrade our enzyme version to 2.9.1 (below version 3).

Next, however, we're getting flooded with thousands of warning messages - the adapter renders but the errors are preventing us from continuing.

### React Native Mock Render - Solution
So apparently the adapter is an api change with Enzyme 3.0, so that was a necessary thing to add into the setup files for Jest. At first it seemed that this was wrong as adding the adapter would then immediately flood the logs with errors. However, this seems to be a change when using react 16 and react native 0.52 - the errors seem to be more pervasive (could be an issue with the react-native-mock-render package needing updating). In any case the errors can be squashed by overwriting the console errors (there could be side effects with this approach but atm I cannot see any).

The full code is:

```
const { JSDOM  } = require('jsdom');

const jsdom = new JSDOM();
const { window  } = jsdom;

function copyProps(src, target) {
  const props = Object.getOwnPropertyNames(src)
      .filter(prop => typeof target[prop] === 'undefined')
          .map(prop => Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(src, prop));
	    Object.defineProperties(target, props);
}

global.window = window;
global.document = window.document;
global.navigator = {
  userAgent: 'node.js',
};
copyProps(window, global);

// Setup adapter to work with enzyme 3.2.0
const Enzyme = require('enzyme');
const Adapter = require('enzyme-adapter-react-16');

Enzyme.configure({ adapter: new Adapter()  });

// Ignore React Web errors when using React Native
console.error = (message) => {
  return message;
};

require('react-native-mock-render/mock');
```

### Personal
#### Vim
Need to work on vim commands - so far I need to improve on my navigation of the file overall.

### Work

