# July 31,2018

### Personal

### Work

## WebCrypto Explanation

# Scrypt

Scrypt

Delete: Using a AES-CBC algorithm with a padding of PKCS7

# Scrypt in browsers

A decent library supporting scrypt is [scrypt-async](https://github.com/dchest/scrypt-async-js) which allows for a callback to be triggered once a key is generated.

# Decrypting Gzipped files

## Encryption

1.  gzip your data you have
2.  convert gzip file into a byte array
3.  Encrypt the gzipped file
4.  Return the byte array generated from encryption

## Decryption

1.  Get the encrypted gzip file
2.  Convert the gzip file to a byte array
3.  Decrypt
4.  ...
5.  Communism

# Redux Thunk w/ extra arguments

With redux thunk you can mock out passed in services to reduce the amount of boilerplate that is introduced into you app. You can see an example here `https://github.com/bsideup/rx-connect/blob/master/examples/blog/src/index.js` and another at [KamaHQ](https://github.com/KamaHQ/ui/blob/master/src/index.js)

You can also get an overview of how it works by reading [this blog post](https://medium.com/@yeojz/redux-thunk-skipping-mocks-using-withextraargument-513d38d38554)

# Adding Fontello fonts to Project

To add fontello fonts you first need to ...TODO: add instructions

You can read more [here](https://github.com/fontello/fontello/wiki/How-to-use-fontello-fonts-in-your-project)

# Build stream in RxJS

To build a stream in RxJS you first need to figure out how your data needs to be organized.

For example, if we need data and have to decrypt it we have to thing about what variables need
to pass through the entire stream from start to finish.

Next we have two actions that need to happen:

1.  Gather the data from a remote source
2.  Decrypt that data from a remote source

Ideally this can all be put into one stream of data (since it is basically one flow).

To do this we:

1.  Gather the input data needed.
2.  Get data from a remote source.
3.  Parse data into proper formats.
4.  And decrypt that data after we have the raw binary.

Essentially:

Stream: -i--d--p--c--> final value
