# January 


## Lab Notes:

### Build System

So to run tests or to get the app to serve we need to go through the build process which is incredible slow.
If fact its slowing down my workflow to a crawl. So what better way to get to know a system then poking
at its build system? (Not sure if I can fix it but its good to learn out this app is put together).


#### Investigation so far...

So apparently I need to update babel which turned out to be a rabbithole - so I'm avoiding that for now.
Also be careful with this - broke my environment for a good 10 mins.

I also need to upgrade the typescript packages from their deprecated versions - so going to attempt that now.

Ok also abandoning that concept too - upgrading the typescript packages breaks in odd ways that doesn't work with eslint.
So now I'm going back to the drawing board. At the very least I fixed a sass warning so, progress, I suppose.


#### Debugging ember build

So to debug ember build we need to use a package called broccoli-viz (instructions on how to do so are posted below).

But long story short what this does is output a nice image of the build process with each step of the build showing
which parts are slowing down the process and which are not really harming things.

What I found was the slow processes are (single processes):

1. Packaged Application Javascript (5584ms)
2. Package /assets/vendor.js (8812ms)
3. AssetRewrite (2415ms)
4. derivePatches (1008ms)

*Lesser processes*
AssetRewrite (1365ms)
Concat /assets/engine-vendor.js (1076ms, 14232)
Concat Vendor /assets/engine-vendor.js (1320ms, 14367)
ember-qrcode-shim/node_modules/ember-cli-babel (970ms, 12330)

Biggest Processes (aggregate):

Packaged Process (1 and 2) 19513
Asset concat (4179ms, 13964)

Total: 54654ms

#### Line Backtrack:

ember-cli-typescript - addon (351ms, 11058)
ember-bootstrap - addon (635ms, 10733)
Addon#compileAddon ember-bootstrap (568ms, 10827)
Babel: ember-qrcode-shim (970ms)
Addon#treeFor ember-data - addon (1038ms, 11601)
Addon#treeFor osf-components addon (1678ms, 13478)
Addon#treeFor ember-cli-mirage addon (2154ms, 10934)
Babel: lodash (2034ms, 10976)
Broccoli dependency funnel (2691ms, 13686)
Broccoli dependency funnel (4558ms, 12976)
Broccoli merge trees (4557ms, 12977)
Addon#compileAddon (2392ms, 13335)
applyPatches (1905ms, 12903)
applyPatches (1131ms, 12929)

#### Consistent Functions

Some functions in the build process keep showing up over and over - need to investigate them.

AssetRewrite (~2500ms per call)
applyPatches (~2000ms per call)

#### Errors

Some errors I got along the way with upgrading ember's babel from version 6 to 7 is

"Duplicate plugin/preset detected ember"

Or something to that effect, to fix this just make sure to run `yarn upgrade` as it 
seems to be an install level issue rather than anything that is actually real.
