# January 

## Lab Notes:

### Getting started with the Center for Open Science

To get started with the frontend development (or any development perhaps) you'll need both the
api and the ember app to get started. So let's walk through both of these.

#### CoS Backend API

The readme for getting started with the api is [here](https://github.com/CenterForOpenScience/osf.io/blob/develop/README-docker-compose.md).
Basically what you need to do is follow the instructions carefully. I didn't and I paid for it.

You first need to setup your machine with the required softwares (brew docker etc). 
Then you need to setup the application runtime, which is basically running the first few web services.

It's important to note that running all the services at once will get you into trouble. Run the first few services and then
follow the instructions (I just ran all of them and met some pain along the way).

Next is your basic creating migrations, seeding data into a database, etc. Pretty straightforward stuff just make sure
to run through it directly. Since there are around 1 billion services running and they all need to me daemonized you should
run the handy command `docker-compose logs -f --tail 100` you can also add the service name at the end of this command, if you
don't then it will watch all services (which I found useful).

(This is also a handy command when you want to just watch a couple of services (docker is incredibly noisy) `docker-compose log -f --tail 100 web api`)

After that you can run all the specific services (and possibly create an alias command if you want) which looks something like:

`docker-compose up -d assets admin_assets mfr wb fakecas sharejs worker web api admin`. This is the basic command I'm using (stolen directly from the team lead).

#### CoS Ember Frontend

The frontend is a bit easier to get up and running. First just clone the project, install the dependencies with yarn, and make sure
you have the ember-cli installed globally on your machine. Then running `ember serve` should get the app up and running.

All the instructions are on the [README](https://github.com/CenterForOpenScience/ember-osf-web/).

#### CoS Dev Shell (for hackins)

The backend api comes with it owns shell to allow you to directly manipulate the environment (create admin users, etc).

To get started just run:

`docker-compose run --rm web python manage.py osf_shell`

To create an admin user, for example, you can run the steps:

`
me = OSFUser.load('<guid>')
me.date_confirmed = timezone.now()
me.is_registered = True
me.is_superuser = True
me.is_staff = True
me.set_password('password')
me.save()
commit()
`

It's overall a pretty cool tool and I think would be super useful for the future. At the moment I know fuck all about it
but I look forward to getting into it more.

#### Ember Concepts

Also its interesting to note that the frontend does take advantage of a lot of interesting concepts, which I'll write
down here.

- [Ember Engines](https://github.com/ember-engines/ember-engines)
- [Ember Mirage](https://www.ember-cli-mirage.com/)
- [Ember Concurrency](http://ember-concurrency.com/docs/introduction/)
