# March 01,2018

### Readings

#### Algo Design Manual - pg. 19 - 

* Modeling Problems

* Permutations - arrangments or ordering of items
* Subsets - represent selections from a set of items. Likely object in question whenever your problem seeks a cluster, collection, committee, group, packaging, or selection.
* Trees - hierachical relationships.
* Graphs - represent relationships between arbitrary pairs of objects.
* Points - locations in geometric space.
* Polygons - represent regions in geometric space.
* Strings - represent sequences of patterns or characters.

### Work

#### Postgres and docker-compose

To expose a port of postgres to connect your local machine to (I connected through PGadmin), you'll first need to add a section in your docker-compose.yml that has the port you want to expose and the port that is being used inside the docker container:

```
ports:
  - "5433:5432"
```

In some cases, if 5432 isn't taken up on your machin, you can just do ```5432:5432```.

To connect to it via pgadmin all you need to do is add for the connection localhost, port, and any credentials you specified (this defauls to user: postgres and password empty).

Make sure not to connect to the docker containers ip address - as you'll be denied access.

#### Notification structure

The current notification structure looks like:

```
    {
      "type": "notification",
      "id": "1",
      "attributes": {
        "updated-at": "2018-03-01T16:54:54Z",
        "treatement-log-id": null,
        "text": "Donald Bulter has posted the following message to case# 200010: Hi, Donald!, How are you feeling today?",
        "notification-type-name": "feed-messages.created",
        "inserted-at": "2018-03-01T16:54:54Z",
        "id": 1,
        "feed-message-id": 1,
        "case-id": 1,
        "acknowledged-at": null,
        "acknowledged": false
      }
    },
```

The relevant details for the front-end are text, notification-type-name, and ack. Some other things to consider are feed-message-id and case-id.

What we do know about notifications is that each one is tied to a specific resource, meaning that when we add a notification to the front-end we'll need to tie it specifically to the resource to get the notification count.

This needs to be performant, quick, bug-free, and simple. Please oh please be simple.

* Notification Implementation

At the moment I can think of three areas we'll need notifications. First, we'll need a general notification resouce to list all resouces pertaining to a specific firm user (just a large list of everything).

We'll need to know the number of notifications for the cases in the sidebar - so total number of cases across resources.

And finally notifications specifically for messages (the granular resource level we've been waffling on about).

So, General Notifications (Notification Reducer, Actions, etc), Total number of notifications per case, and total number of notifications per resource.

The general case is by far the easiest route, basically a standard Redux reducer and actions will suffice. The difficulty comes with introducting each notification to a resource and tieing that into the entire store.

#### Notification Reducer

Some new ideas on the general case is that we should just collate all the data on intended notifications. What I mean by this, is instead of having a large notification array we should just calculate the total from each resource. The main idea behind this is that we might not want to display some types of notifications in the topbar. That being said, we'll still have a resource to collect everything - we just won't use it at this time for our specific use case.

Moving further from the previous "Notification Implementation" I believe that we shouldn't actually tie each resource in with a notification. The management of this could get very tricky as on component may send an ack and we'll have to update another component with its sub resource. Essentially, if we have notifications in the topbar and inside the message page, if the user clicks a notification from the topbar, we want it to update BOTH the case notifications and the topbar notifications. We want this to happen all at once, we don't want to go through to message:resource:ack notification and case:resource:ack notification, we want to ack notification and then update pertinent resources at once (which will be updated via props dynamically).

Thus we want a "Single Source of Truth" - this should allow notification props in mutiple places to be acked all at once.

To do this we're not going to tie the resources directly to notifications (messages{notifications{}}) we're going to create a notification structure that pertains to each resource {Notifications{message-notifications: {} case-notifications: {}}}. I believe this will allow the simplest flow going forward.

#### The Specifics

At the moment we'll need a few specific functions:

  * getNotifications
  * sortNotifications
  * ackNotifications
  * navigateToNotificationResource

Notification Reducer {
  initialState: {
    notifications: {all notifications},
    feedMessageNotifications: {uniqueMessageId: {}},
    caseNotifications: {caseUniqueId: {}},
  }
}

At the moment we'll have to store the navigation concepts inside each notification resource hash map. This will limit us to having one navigation per resource type, I'm not sure if there will be a use case where we'll need to navigate to more than one resource.














