# February 21,2018


## Notes:

### Work

#### Docker on Windows

Sometimes you need to just run a windows server - which is kind of a shame (since linux is superior). However, its a good learning opportunity so the best way to get started is to fire up parallels on your mac and get the windows 10 dev version installed.

Some issues I did run into were to first enable hyper-v in the parallel settings (I don't remember the error exactly - but it refers to hyper-v quite clearly). The other issue was that I needed to run docker as admin, otherwise I'd get the error ```Docker hv-sock proxy (vsudd) is not reachable```, which basically meant we didn't have access to some important files - still skeptical about tis fix but it's working so *shrug*.

#### Installing UnrealEngine on Windows

First clone a tagged version (I specifically go for shallow clones to save space).

```git clone -b 4.17.2-release --depth 1 --progress https://35a894a1942229d064d378df6cd3aeeb86e8588a@github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine.git```

Then open the source folder, navigate into UnrealEngine/ and click Setup.bat to install setup dependencies. You can also run the .bat from the command line - this is recommended as the output will be stored in the terminal.

After setup has run you need to generate the VS .sln - to do this run the GenerateProjectFiles.bat which will produce the visual studio files needed. Next you just need to open the .sln file in Visual Studio, right click on UE4 in the solution explorer, and choose build.

