# December 28,2017


## Ideas:

## Review:

## Notes:

### Personal

#### Big Oh Notation (Omega and Theta)

For theta => f(n) is theta(g(n)) if both following conditions are true:

1) f(n) is O(g(n))
2) f(n) is Omega(g(n))

f(n) = 4n^2 + 16n + 2

IS f(n) => theta(n^2)?

##### Solution for Omega:
f(n) is omega(n^2)

c = 1
n-0 = 0

4n^2 + 16n + 2 > c(n^2) (true for all n since n^2 will always be less than f(n)). Thus, f(n) is omega.

##### Solution for Big Oh:
f(n) is O(n^2)

4n^2 + 16n + 2 < c(n^2)

when n = 17 n^2 becomes greater than f(n) in all cases.

So f(n) is big oh

##### What does this mean?

T(n) = 4n^2 + 16n + 2; (assume this is a computers running time)

We can visualize this equation (assuming numbers are seconds) as:

int[] array = [0, 1, 2, 3, 4];

// This represents 4n^2
for(int i = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
  int[] newArray = [0, 1, 3, 4];
  for(int j = 0; j < newArray.length; j++) {
    if(newArray[j] == array[i]) {
        console.log('array elements match');
    }
  }
}
runSixteenSecondCuntion();
runCleanupFunction();

void runSixteenSecondFunction() {
// runs for sixteens seconds * n
// represents 16n
}

void runCleanupFunction() {
// runs a cleanup that lasts two seconds
// represents 2
}

What we're looking for is how long could this running time (T(n)) take?

First take away is that as n gets bigger n will take longer. Thus we can plot the equation onto a graph to show then length at any given input n.

Thus, we can say that if plotted onto a graph 5n^2 will always be larger than 4n^2, and that 4n^2 will always be greater than n^2.

What this means that as n gets very large, the dominating term of our time function is the term that has n^2 in it.


### Work

