# December 01,2017


## Ideas:

## Review:

## Notes:

### Personal

#### Docker .qcow2 file

The docker .qcow2 file is the virtual disk docker uses to store container data. In essence it expands and contracts as docker containers are created. Sometimes this file will fail to free up space or to expand past the maximum of 64gb. When we hit these issues we have to manually create the .qcow2 file.

First, on mac, the .qcow2 file lives at ~/Library/Containers/com.docker.docker/Data/com.docker.driver.amd64-linux/Docker.qcow2. To view information or create a file you'll need to install qemu, the library that allows interaction with .qcow2 files.

To install via brew run the command:

```bash
brew install qemu
```

Next you can use the command qemu-img info to gather information about the container.

```bash
qemu-img info ~/Library/Containers/../Docker.qcow2
```

This should list out information about the size of the disk, how much space is used, etc.

#### Creating a custom docker .qcow2

One problem that I have ran into with the .qcow2 is the capped size of the auto generated Docker.qcow2. The cap, at 64gb, means that if you have large container needs you'll run into "device out of space" errors when trying to create a container.

> Remember that building a container expands the space of the .qcow2 beyond what might be the end result of the container. For example, our 36 GB would expand up to 70gb before finishing (and shrinking down afterwards).

To get around this cap limit I had to create a custom Docker.qcow2 file.

To do this first start by deleting your current Docker.qcow (just a simple rm will do it).

> Take note that deleting this file will remove all containers from your system

Next we just need to run the qemu create command:

```bash
qemu-img create -f qcow2 ~/Library/Containers/com.docker.docker/Data/com.docker.driver.amd64-linux/Docker.qcow2 128G
```

At the end of the command you can specify how large you want this image to be - for me 128G was plenty of space to create the containers that I needed.

And that's it, now just restart your docker system and the system should be updated!

To verify this you can run the command

```bash
docker run --rm alpine df -h
```

This will print out the disk size available and should reflect your new limit.

## Work

For CB Mobile we need to make sure to rename the requests folder to conjure - its always good to have the top directory named after the package (if it is a package) rather than the actions that it takes.

Need to fix our authentication so that it sends back to the correct route such as home or requirements.

